---
title: "Pbls 2024"
date: 2025-03-04T20:53:02+09:00
screenshot: pbls-2024.png
link: /portfolio/pbls-2024.png
layout: 'portfolio'
---

WORK EXPERIENCE 

2023.04 ~ Now, Pebblous.

Project Achievements and Progress Summary

Until July 2024, I focused on developing the Supply Chain Planning (SCP) engine. I built and tested the LP/PP (Long-term Planning/Production Planning) integrated planning engine along with the testing environment. The SCP engine models the SCM (Supply Chain Management) system through surrogate modeling and utilizes AI to determine key policies based on the environment’s conditions. It handles order forecasting, corporate order allocation, order prioritization, and LP/PP policy decisions. The engine simulates the SCM system according to predefined policies and generates the Master Production Plan. The environment conditions are ideally derived from market situations and profit estimation plans but can be simplified to product priorities, due dates, and resource constraints.

Starting from August 2024, I participated in developing the On-Site Quality Evaluation System called Wangjin Kit for Data Clinic's on-site quality evaluation platform, running on Windows OS. To minimize modifications to the existing Linux-based Data Clinic environment, Windows WSL2 was adopted. This enabled a fast and efficient upgrade from Davom_1.3 to Davom_1.4. The Wangjin Kit includes Auto-login settings, Startup configurations, account privilege settings, and XML-RPC services, making it adaptable for on-premises Data Clinic development. Additionally, I recommended the PyArmer Python code security solution, creating a dual-layer protection environment for Data Clinic source code.

From October 2024, I have been working on the Knowledge-based Exception Agent for Static Modeling and Auto Routing algorithms. This project involves optimal path search and probability-based re-search techniques on graph structures (Nodes and Edges). However, this process demands high computational resources, significant memory usage, and is highly sensitive to initial parameter settings. In high-dimensional problems, the search performance decreases, optimization speed slows, and parameter tuning becomes increasingly complex. To overcome these challenges, I am developing a High-Dimensional Data Navigation System that integrates vector search, clustering analysis, representative cluster detection, and anomaly group detection.
